# CrackStation, a Decrypter implementation

DO: A library that can decrypt hash passwords with `SHA-1` and `SHA-256` algorithms in the range of `[A-Za-z0-9?!]{1,3}`.

## Overview

**POC v1:** My application does ONE-word-long password decryption. It is for people who wanna do password decryption for hash value generated by one character `^[a-zA-Z0-9?!]$` with `SHA1` algorithm. They forget their password, collect customer information or just want to be a hacker.

**POC v2:** My application does TWO-words-long password decryption. It is for people who wanna do password decryption for hash value generated by one to two characters `^[a-zA-Z0-9?!]{1,2}$` with `SHA1` algorithm. People want to use the station when they forget their password, collect customer information or just want to be a hacker.

**MVP:** My application does THREE-words-long password decryption. It is for people who wanna do password decryption for hash value generated by one to two characters `[A-Za-z0-9?!]{1,3}` with `SHA1` or `SHA256` algorithm. People want to use the station when they forget their password, collect customer information or just want to be a hacker.

## Mission Statement

DO: The library does not tend to help you to be more convenient as a hacker. Instead, it is a good material to help you to learn **Swift testing** and **Algorithm speed optimization**.

### `Decrypter` cracks unsalted hashes.

The `Decrypter` as the protocol has a structure like this:

```swift
public protocol Decrypter {
    init() 

    func decrypt(shaHash: String) -> String? 
}
```

## Installation

### Swift Package Manager

The [Swift Package Manager](https://www.swift.org/package-manager) is "a tool for managing the distribution of Swift code. It is integrated with the Swift build system to automate the process of downlading, compiling, and linking dependencies"

Once you have your Swift package set up, add CrackStation to the list of dependencies in your `Package.swift` file:

```swift
...
dependencies: [
    // Dependencies declare other packages that this package depends on.
    .package(url: /* package url */, from: /*"1.0.0"*/),
],
...
```

DO: Replace contents between `/*...*/`

## Usage

### The API

DO: There is an api called `decrypt`. After include `CrackStation` from the library, you can use the function `decrypt()` to decrypt passwords. `CrackStation.decrypt()` is the public API you can include. `Decrypter` as a protocol, makes the using of `decrypt()` more structured. But the method to use the function is the same.

### An example

```swift
import CrackStation

CrackStation().decrypt(shaHash: "84a516841ba77a5b4648de2cd0dfcb30ea46dbb4")
```

## Author

Tianle Yuan. 


























## 1. A description of your library. What does your library do? What’s it for? Why might someone want to use it or care?

**POC v1:** My application do ONE word long password decryption. It is for people who wanna do password decryption for hash value generated by one character `^[a-zA-Z0-9?!]$` with `SHA1` algorithm. They forget their password, collect customer information or just want to be a hacker.

**POC v2:** My application do TWO words long password decryption. It is for people who wanna do password decryption for hash value generated by one to two characters `^[a-zA-Z0-9?!]{1,2}$` with `SHA1` algorithm. People want to use the station when they forget their password, collect customer information or just want to be a hacker.


## 2. A description of how to use it. What’s the public API, etc?




## 3. The version of the latest stable release. Use Semantic Versioning 2.0.0. Your release number most likely is 1.0.0.

**POC v1:** The released version is `v1.0.0`, which is corresponding to decryption for hash value with 1 and 2 character passwords by `SHA1`.

**POC v2:** The recent released version is `v2.0.0`, which is corresponding to decryption for hash value with 1 to 2 characters passwords by `SHA1`.

## 4.The author’s name. That is, your name. So we know whose work we are looking at.

